Questions and issues:

General:

Does including amazon (instead of aws) in the html filename help SEO? In most
cases searching on Amazon xyz instead of AWS xyz yields more hits for me.

Is it safe to assume there is no plagiarized text in these documents. Changing
a couple words, but keeping the meaning of a sentence is still considered
plagiarism. All content needs to be in your own words, not copied and lightly
changed from 3rd-party docs.

Where do we expect users to start their journey with this content? What
assumptions are we making? Do we expect users to see these topics in the
observability guide after they've added their data? In this case, I would
expect this content to list some prereqs in case this is the first topic they
land on.

What is the plan for keeping this documentation up-to-date as the integrations
add new fields or field names change? Since the change happens on the integrations
side, how will be make sure these docs get updated when needed?

For the doc team:

Do we have a preference for where we define include statements? Options are:
- index file
- container topic

Wondering if it's OK in the observability guide to nest images under a
sub-folder. I've done this initially because it's easier.

Notes/questions on AWS S3 topic:

Too many inline links. These are distracting for users. We might want to capture
related links in a single section to avoid rabbit holing users.
TODO: Add the links after we decide the best approach.

Documenting steps and screen captures for 3rd party tools is risky.
It's hard to maintain the content and will likely to get out of sync with newer
versions unless we have a plan to invest in long term maintenance of the
content. Are we up to this task? We can't even manage to keep our own docs
from getting stale. Are the AWS screen captures really  necessary? If so, who
is going to track changes to the AWS UI and make sure these screens get updated
periodically?

Under "Metrics to watch" we list a bunch of fields but don't really describe
why they are important.



